feat(esp_encrypted_img): feature added to get header size which helps… (IEC-45) (#233)
espressif/idf-extra-components: esp_encrypted_img/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.2.0

### Enhancements:

> - AAdded an API to get the size of pre encrypted binary image header, this could be useful while computing entire decrypted image length: `esp_encrypted_img_get_header_size`

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
- Added an API to get the size of pre encrypted binary image header, this could be useful while computing entire decrypted image length: `esp_encrypted_img_get_header_size`
```

> - Added an API to get size of struct pre_enc_bin_header as header size which is useful in case of pre_encrypted_ota to check if complete data received or not when config partial HTTP download is enabled: `esp_encrypted_img_get_header_size`
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added an API to get the size of pre encrypted binary image header, this could be useful while computing entire decrypted image length: `esp_encrypted_img_get_header_size`

```

Reviewer 2: Lets be generic in terms of the change-log entry.
